Bachelor of Computer Science (Artificial Intelligence) programme equips students with the knowledge and skills to design and develop computer systems that emulate and exhibit human intelligence. Students will learn the theoretical and practical aspects of Robotics, Cognitive Science, Image Processing, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Network, Fuzzy Logic, Expert Systems and Logic Programming. Students will apply their skills and knowledge through the development of real world applications in their final year projects. Graduates of Artificial Intelligence may choose to be one (but not limited to) of the following career opportunities: System Engineer, Knowledge, Engineer, System Analyst, Programmer, Game Developer, Academician, Researcher.
The Program Bachelor of Computer Science (Computer System and Network) will produce graduates who understand and able to apply the knowledge in networking and the theory of computer systems. The graduates will learn and have the ability to apply critical thinking skills and advanced scientific techniques in solving computer-based problems in line with the rapidly changing computer systems and technology. Graduates of Computer System and Network may choose to be one (but not limited to) of the following career opportunities: Network Engineer, Network Administrator, System Engineer, Data Security Officer, CSI, Programmer, Network / Security Consultant, Academician, Researcher.
Bachelor of Computer Science (Information Systems) programme aims to equip graduates with the ability to apply the concepts and principles of Information Systems to support the design, development and management of Information Systems. The graduates will learn and be able to design and develop Information Systems to suit the organizational needs using highest quality technology-based services, with high ethical values in the context of professional practice of computing. Graduates of Information Systems may choose to be one (but not limited to) of the following career opportunities: System / Business Analyst, Database Engineer / Administrator, Chief Information Officer, Programmer, Web / Software Developer, Computer / Information System Manager, System / Management / IT Consultant, Academician, Researcher, Entrepreneur.
Bachelor of Information Technology (Multimedia) programme aims to produce graduates with knowledge and skills in the field of information technology and multimedia computing. The graduates will learn and be able to apply the techniques and algorithms to solve information technology problem, and to utilize suitable software to process the elements of multimedia to achieve the goals of multimedia system developments. Graduates of Multimedia may choose to be one (but not limited to) of the following career opportunities: Manager, Consultant, Web Master, Programmer, Film, Industry, Forensic, Academician, Researcher.